## idioms

### sentence + adjective
How would you like to die? - old

He died old.

He came home hungry

I woke up sick.

### the wrong ~
got the wrong train

You chose the wrong profession

You're asking the wrong person

I don't wanna say the wrong thing.

### I have a feeling + sentence
I have a feeling he's not going to come.

I have a feeling I didn't lock the door.

I have a feeling he likes you.

I have a good feeling about this.

I have a good feeling we're going to win.

I have a bad feeling about the match.

### That's + WH
That's what I said.

That's where I'm going to go next week.

That's when it happend.

That's what money's for.

That's why we broke up.

I don't know where I'm going to go.

I don't know what you do.

I don't know how you did it.

That's what I thought.

That's how we met.

It's called bluffing. It's what I do. That's how I got the confession in the first place. - It's called bullshot. It's what bullshitters do. It's how innocent people sometimes end up in prison.

I know he did something illegal because that's who he is. And I'm going to find it, because that's who I am.

Without me, you're nothing - Right there. That's who you are. And that's why I left.

What I'm talking about is giving XXX a crumb of a crumb. - How much is it going to cost?

I need to make sure every department is happy.

He's gonna beat us, isn't he? - He knows what we're up to.

Keep it to yourself.

That's how fast I am.

Taht's not what I want to say.

That's not why we broke up.

That's not what I meant. I'm not sure going public is the best move right now.

Is that why you're angry?

## anything
I assumed you were a student

Can I ask a question? - Ask away.

Same for me, please.

I had no idea he had a deep down.

I don't recall.

I only have one rule.

We should get going.

It literally skipped a beat. This is totally new to me. But I know it's what I want. I want to be confused with you.

Control-flow features make a programming language.

I take back everything I said.

It's impolite.

It's a stupid idea.

I’m smitten with you!

You are totally smitten.

Don't pretend you're going someplace we all know doesn't exist.

Aren't you supposed to be off managing some tour in Australia?

I'm just not the guy he wanted me to be.

Get it through your heads. I am never gonna talk to my dad again.

I'm not an idiot.

Good thing I don't have any gaps in my knowledge.

I'm begging you, tear me a new one.

No, I'm just kidding. This is great.

I know I screwed up.

Please, tell me what I can do! I'll do anything!

They don't do that all the time.

XXX is getting you a little murder-suicidey.

She's obviously a prostitude.

Now, you sabotage the project I'm in charge of?

We've done some crazy things to get it.

Love is fucking crazy. That was bullshit.

Leave me the fuck alone.

So, I ended up giving him a second chance. I can't picture my life without him at all. He's shown me unconditional love.

I mean, I am excited. I think that it's kind of scary, though.

I want ti be with someone who would accept me for all my flaws and everything about me, and love me for who I am.

So you're from Chicago. What brought you to Atlanta?

Where do you see yourself in five years?

You literally need to do what you wanna do.

You're fucking toxic. Get the fuck out.

You think you're running out of time?

I'm not alloed to talk about that.

You are supposed to rub me.

You know, that's how it starts sometimes

Does she know she's on the wrong Netflix show.

He was lying to me, to my face for six weeks.

And it was fucking terrible, like, truthfully, it was, like I lost ten pounds in ten days. Like, it was not an easy situation for me.

It doesn't matter.-Put yourself in her shoes.

You are still fucking talking.

Even if Mark is your "bro" <- double quotes meaning

I can't force him to make an apology.

I'm trying to stay composed.

But I'm letting you know, if you ever try anything, you're messing with the wrong bitch.

I mean, am I missing something?

I didn't wanna be a dick, but also I don't wanna piss off my wife.

I don't care how she feels about us, period.

To staying centered as fuck.

Well, he sounds kinda selfish to me. - That's how I feel.

We must make sure the lion is always there. Destroy the Arcadian? Oh, no, don't you dare.

Ted, I'm sorry I said mean things about Zoey. Are you really gonna walk away from this project just because you're mad at me?

I don't understand. Why would you fire me?

The point is, this thing with you and Zoey, I can see it going three possible ways.

You're pitching what you think I wanna hear. You and me, my office, first thing tomorrow morning.

Did I not make it obvious?

I don't have a lot of time, but I just wanted to chat with you about where you fit in here.

What's your relationship with your mother like?

Generalities do not sell magazines.

I have closure. It's closed.

You know what? This is stupid.

Now what? And now?

Do you need somehing? - if you have a minute.

So, we're hoping to just run into your ex?

I was never taught how to handle this kind of stuff. - I mean, between three brothers and no mam, I didn't exactly get the instraction...

cause when I needed it, it was like ... getting advice from an older sister that I always wished I had.

I'm gonna call him after you give me a pep talk.

I'm sorry, I, uh, kind of have to go.

I've been dying to tell you guys everything, but he's a board member.

They're supposed to take the contraband and let her go, 

Listen up, everyone! Stop what you're doing.

And I want to make sure you understand what I expect of you. I expect you to have adventures. I expect you to fall in love, to get your hearts broken. And I expect you to unleash holy hell on anybody who tries to hold you back, because you don't just work for Scarlet.

I'll have to check my schedule.

I don't think it's physically possible.

I know you're not exactly. That's why I want you doing it.

So, what are you exactly are you asking me here?

Doesn't surprise me. Men are always such a letdown. I can get the job done better myself.

Okay, so let's make it happen. I'm a problem-solver.

I hope your vag is okay. I don't really feel comfortable putting a yoni in ... my yoni.

You snooze, you lose.

He's too cool for school.

It's make or break time.

Fake it till you make it.

I hope you like it.

Leave emotion at the door.

I left my wallet at home.

Leave some for me.

If you can't do it with feeling, don't.

You moved me. Real is good. Real is what makes you who you are.

So, what are you saying, exactly?

I'm really sorry about the panel.

Come with me. This is about me. Keep doing what you are doing. you're making me nervous.

I think I really like you.

Okay, seriously, so intimidating.

I, uh-- I didn't wanna interrupt.

Would you like a coffee?

I don't regret it.

Stop making excuses. You rewarded yourself, which you tatally deserve to do.

A moment, please? You're being sued.

Don't say "I'm sorry" when you have nothing to apologize for. Do not take this personally.

How did it go? It reminds me why I'm doing this.

I'm the new you.

Yeah, but your boobs aren't big enough. - Damn it. That's discrimination. - So sue me.

Does that mean I'm admitting guilt?

It makes me look like I don't know how to do my job. I'm just gonna go to bed.

I'm actually a huge fan of not talking, so ...

It's Coco, isn't it?

She's been freaking out about it all morning.

This day sucks. Never mind.

The point is, you think you're not judgemental, Jane, but you are.

Your journey toward your best self.

I'm relieved. I don't need a pep talk.

I was a mess of coward. I was. And I'm sorry. I'm totally in.

I'm not entirely convinced this is a good idea.

Anywhere in New York that a man can take his top off, so can a woman. It's the law. 

From now on, early is on time, and on time is late.

You wanted to see me?

What are the qualifications to be a board member? - Balding, off the rack suits, juggling. - No, I'm serious.

You don't watch sports, do you? - Not one second.

Prevention is always better than treatment, always.

It's so much more than work.

Take a walk. Right now.

Drop me a pin.

Are you sure you don't remember the cab company? - No, I don't know the cab company.

It's a killer day, huh? - Yeah, it couldn't be better.

She is making the same mistakes over and over again, and it is becoming a liability, so, no, you really don't have it handled.

This isn't gonna work, is it?

So this is it. Do you want to just .. go for a walk?

I really miss him.

I appreciate the heads up, Richard.

I need this to stay between us. Print sales are down. Across the board, which is hardly news. This is privileged information. This is going to get ugly.

Yeah, well love and sex are two things that definitely aren't a part of my life right now.

She's just under a lot of pressure. I get it. I'm sure that when it's my shot, I'll feel the same way.

Let's not talk about work, all right? Maybe we should get more drinks. Next round's on me.

I'm gonna need more details.

It made me miss you. A lot.

We have to tell him. I'm not the one keeping secrets. - Tell me what?

You know what, on second thought, it wouldn't hurt to take a meeting. If you could just e-mail me over the details, that would be great.



## words
- palindrome
- righty tighty, lefty loosey
- Look at you!, You look amazing.
- pep talk
- I'm killing it right now.

specifically, entirely, totally

## abbreviation
- aka: also known as
- af: as fuck
- amo: ammunition
