## Anything
All right, just let me know what you decide.

But I convinced him to take a look at a freelance pitch.

Oh, hey, how's the photographer search going?

Kat is really pressuring me to hire Adena.

Hirinig anyone is always a game of chance.

I know you're really busy, but, why don't you write anymore?

I was looking at the concept last night.

Jane, money's nice, and I'm fine. but I love doing what I do.

I never said I disagreed. - They're captivating.

Going to "Incite" was a huge mistake. I really screwed up. - No, don't beat yourself up. If anyone's to blame, it's Victoria.

An editor is supposed to support their staff, not exploit them.

I left without truly understanding how lucky I was.

But I'm not sure that that is the best thing for you right now.

How did that go? - Not so well.

But I don't really feel like going.

Hey, can I ask you something? - Have I ever said no?

Nobody's better than with people than you.

He was easy to be around. - Feels like there's a "but" coming. - A big "but." - He's religious.

Tell me what I'm scared of.

mind if I borrow her?

Well, a promise is a promise. I will call my editor.

Text me if you change your mind.

To me, the past is in the past.

You are so adorable.

That's the problem. I tried, but she just keeps avoiding the issue, you know?

I'm not letting you stay home and self-sabotage. You're coming with us, and you can invite Adena.

No one famous is in it.

Who's in it?

What's he in?

Brad Pitt is in it.

I did something stupid.

Something lucky happened.

I met someone nice.

I want to go somewhere quiet.

Come on in.

Am I too late?

How is she, by the way? - She's good.

You taking care of yourself?



## words
- captivate
  - attract and hold the interest and attention of; charm.
- body positivity
  - the assertion that all people deserve to have a positive body image, regardless of how society and popular culture view ideal shape
- stoked
  - being in an enthusiastic or exhilarated state.
  - She's stoked.
- procure
  - to get something, especially after an effort.

## abbreviation

